Python-4

Python4


Name: Python-4
Manafacturer	RAFA'EL Armament Development Authority	
Date Deployed	Mid 1990's	
Range	0.5 km to 15 km	
Speed	Mach 4.0	
Propulsion	One Rafael Armaments Development Authority double-base solid propellant rocket motor	
Guidance	IR homing	
Warhead	         ( 11 kg )	
Launch Weight	 ( 105 kg )	
Length	     ( 3.00 m )	
Diameter	 ( 160 mm )	
Fin Span	 ( 0.640 m )	


Rafael Python-4 Missile
-----------------------
Fourth generation air to air all aspect heat seeking missile.
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


In June 1995, at the Paris Air Show, the Israeli firm Rafael published information about a guided air-to-air missile of the fourth generation Python-4. 
The development of the rocket was started in the early 80's. 
The creators of the missile were guided by the possible confrontation with enemy aircraft with Russian R-73s. 
Python-4 was developed for use on a large number of aircraft, and is optimized for highly maneuverable air combat 
with the exit to large angles of attack and the use of a helmet-mounted target designation system.

Unlike the Russian UR R-73, the Python-4 missile is not equipped with a thrust vector control system. 
To control the flight, four deltoid steering wheels and two rectangular rudders are used. 
In the tail part of the rocket are four fixed wings with long root influxes, which provide additional rigidity 
to the rocket's shell during maneuvering with large overloads. 
Four wings located behind the steering wheels are freely suspended (similar to the French UR Magic R550), behind them is a laser fuse.

The GOS allows firing targets at an angle of up to 60 ° to the longitudinal axis and maneuver with an overload of up to 70g.
In this case, the missile is capable of making a turn by 180 ° with respect to the carrier. 
During maneuvering, the target tracking angle reaches ± 90 °. 
According to some data, the GOS is capable of screening out three spectral ranges. 

Python-4 is also equipped with a digital signal processor and a digital flight control system. 
The use of digital technology makes it possible to achieve a greater detection range than the analog one due to the more complete use of the multi-element GOS. 
The task of selecting false goals falls on the DSP. The digital flight control system allows the missile to optimize control
 laws and to select the most appropriate guidance algorithm. The hull diameter, like many aggregates, is similar to the Python-3 SD. 
 The missile is equipped with a dual-mode ND-10 engine, with a four-second acceleration and eighty-second march modes. 
 Arrow-shaped wings allow to reduce the torque at large angles of attack with turns with high overloads.

During a battle, the pilot, even if the target is at a greater angle to the carrier, using a helmet-mounted target designation system should just turn 
his head to the target and launch the missile. 

specification
--------------------
Length, 3.0 m 
Diameter, 160mm 
Swing, 0.35m 
weight, 105kg 
warhead, 11 kg, high explosive fragmentation 
Fuser , laser + contact 
Guidance system, infrared 
Engine , TTRD
Range, 0.5-15km 
Carrier vehicle - Kfir, Mirage 3, Mirage F1, Mirage 2000, F-5, F-15, F-16 and F / A -18


